Politicians should pursue common ground and reasonable consensus rather than elusive ideals.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the recommendation
 and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and supporting your position, describe 
specific circumstances in which adopting the recommendation would or would not be advantageous and explain 
how these examples shape your position

I mostly agree with the given recommendation that it is in the best interest of the people if politicians 
aim for common ground and reasonable agreement rather than idealistic stuff. My position can be backed by 
two evidence and they are illustrated bellow:

Firstly, politicians must find common ground in their work that helps and supports the society. Because when
a politician is elected, other parties' candidates are defeated in the process. Those candidates also had 
supporters and they face a gloomy scenario. If the elected politician can find a special kind of work that will
include the winning and lossing parties altogether, then the tension between parties will be reduced significantly.
If the politician is set to achieve some goals which may be unattainable then it will be best for everyone if the 
politician pursues reasonable agreement.

Secondly, sometimes amibition gets the better of an individual. lofty ideas only sounds right until they have been 
tested to judge their merit. If a politician is hell bent on chasing idealistic projects rather then discussing first
with a council, it could turn out be a total failure. Once newly appointed mayor, on a whim, decided to put a damp on
the river and generate electricity. Other members of the authoritive community suggested that using the wind power and
solar energy will be much more suitable than putting the river upto use. But the politician was stubborn and was adament
in using river as a source of energy while ignoring other alternatives.

Politicians must not be hasty with their lofty unrealistic ideas rather they should try to find common ground that will 
incrporate everyone and work together.   

 